hello its Sara and I'm back I wanted to
share these pocketbook charms that I'd
made totally inspired by Audrey who is
Wendy days on YouTube and she doesn't do
videos but she had sent me this
hopefully I'm not going to do this to
herky-jerky because um I've been moving
them all right this is the second time I
filmed it cuz I uh it was I moved too
much um
Audrey made this for me and she sent it
to me with the pen when my pennant I had
my pennant challenge and I was so
inspired because it's just petite and
Dini and I loved it and I had made mine
so chunky that when I took them apart to
do them again I had double the dangles
that I ended up using and making double
the charms so I was so happy about that
so Thank You Audrey for that inspiration
this I just loved it I thought that's
enough you don't have to get crazy and
be super chunky just have a little bling
so this one's beautiful I ordered these
Eiffel Towers and Florida leaves and I
have another a little Paris symbol one
of them has a couple of them have it um
from a Nazi seller I'm pretty sure and I
don't remember who but I just googled it
I google everything and then it shows
pictures and I find it so um you know
what these aren't as petite as Audrey's
was because I my beads are just bigger
I have chunky beads so um but I think
there are good quality and hopefully
people like them I think I'm going to
charge like 10 bucks for these I feel
like that's fair and I'll see how it
goes if people you know accept that then
all be good but if not I'll slash my
prices and by the end of the day I
always end up slash in my prices um
because I don't really want to come home
with anything um I want to just make a
little bit of money that I can put
toward more crafting stuff and that's it
that's what I do I do one show a year
and but these are just so pretty
placing is the hardest thing you guys
really really need help I if you have
any suggestions I'm all ears
I just really this one doesn't have any
charms it's just blues it's so pretty I
really love this turquoise color this
teal so there's really only like six
charms three four five six dangles and
possibly a couple charms that's it
that's all I'm putting on there just
keeping it real simple
everything is glass beads softy crystals
and it's not stir oh I love this one I
love this one I am a pink girl I might
have to keep this this is so pretty
here's the fleur-de-lis it's a little
tiny fleur-de-lis the Eiffel Tower story
stopped me right in my tracks and then
just a variety of different beads from
my stash but good quality stuff not
sterling silver like I said but it is
good quality and well made I would say
you know so I mean I really try to put
something out that's going to last a
little while I've been wearing one of
these for a while like all summer maybe
even longer and Liam loves it I have to
always take it off and give it to Liam
whenever he sees it and I enjoy it it's
just my bling that jangles all around
when I'm you know doing my sinning this
one has BG or charms a beach chair an
umbrella a dolphin and ice-cream cone
was kind of like oceany colors so that
one's pretty oh oh I love pink and black
love pink and black again though only
about six dangles on each one one two
three four five six yep this one has my
little key my key and lock that says me
with love and then just a key charm and
this big lobster-claw clasp that you can
hook it to your zipper to your like
whatever I have these little metal rings
that hold my handles on so I hooked it
on that
this one this one the chunk chunk big
one I had these big pearls in different
sizes I just try to put the biggest one
at the bottom kind of anchor it and then
just kind of start smallish at the top
and work my way down I throw a little
one in here down here - oh here's the
Paris charm it's like a little Paris
sign that just says Paris love it love
them see I love them that's what the
thing is like and I know everyone's
tastes are different but when I love
them I think I should charge more I
don't know it's so oh my God look at
this one I love pink and green - look
how pretty seriously like that's really
pretty
I hope this is showing up that is so
pretty it just makes me happy
I love these beads these are little
floral beads I've had these in my stash
forever I think they're like Chinese
glass beads and I've um I got them at a
beats um abida convention and then this
is just white with a big old Jesse James
anchor anchor down the bottom just clear
and there's a skull charm with some
bling the fleur-de-lis again in the
Yuletide our I hope you can see these
okay this one's like white and Grey's
like graham white with um bling and look
at these look at these rondelle's these
rondelle's are from those bracelets that
you get at a seymour and I just cut them
apart and I use them but like look at
that and then I put a bead cap on the
bottom this is a spacer bead I forget
what they call them and I did that to
the top too but they I mean so they look
darn nice they're good quality charms
you know what I need and I think that's
it
so I just wanted to share those though
these are so I hope I mean ten box I
think that's good maybe seven
that's horrible the pricing part is the
hardest part for me I really struggle
with it I tried it because you know the
people that come they're not wealthy
people they're like looking for I mean
so people probably have money that come
but I don't know but they're just
looking to to get a handmade gift and
stuff and I always people are very
complimentary regardless if they buy for
me or not they always have these things
to say so I come home my head's quite a
bit bigger when I come home that night
but um then I generally do pretty good I
mean all I want to do like I say is just
a make room in my craft room to make
more stuff so I just want to UM you know
get these out of here and move some more
stuff in so thanks again Audrey for the
inspiration these are so fun to make you
guys and thanks for watching